hi everyone Teresa here so I'm here to
do a little quick nail tutorial um as
you can see I've already done my left
hand and we're going to go ahead and do
my right because I haven't done it yet
and i'm actually using these it's called
the impress press-on manicure and this
is by Broadway nails it's a new thing
that comes in this like little bottle
here and then it comes with all the
nails in there there's usually some
displayed with it's already started
we're doing it like this okay so I've
already picked out on my nail sizes and
they go from my thumb to my pinky so
let's start with the pinky so let's just
set these aside and basically it just
tells you on the back here the
directions on how to do it and I just
tells you to kind of judge how to fit
them so you're kind of looks like it
would fit on there and it comes with
these little tabs I don't know if you
can see it the little tabs right here
and all you want to do is pull that off
and of course you're going to want to
clean your nails and it gives you a
little YP Singh and it's just alcohol so
just to get your nails nice and clean so
then you're just going to put it on
there and get it right up to your
cuticle edge it look like this I'm just
going to press on just press nice and
form so that the sticky adhesive that's
already applied to this and here's to
your nail so then that's pretty much it
and I kind of put that one on crooked so
you can kind of push it
just like that
and now I'm just gonna keep going with
these nails and they're fairly easy to
put on so once again this is kind of a
hard angle just gonna push it on make
sure it's as straight as you can get it
and then just push on it for a few
seconds and really just get that nail to
adhere
like so
where's geek on
I'm just going to fast-forward this part
so we can get to the end results okay so
we're done and they look pretty nice
there are natural length they're not too
long I actually have pretty short
fingers and nail beds so they're a
little longer than natural would be for
mine but I like this length it's not too
long as you can see underneath my these
two my four fingers are much much
shorter than the rest of mine so um I
hope you guys enjoyed this really quick
and easy tutorial they're very simple
they're also very inexpensive there
somewhere between six and eight dollars
and forget a whole range of them like
you would with any press-on nail the
best part is they're mess spray there's
no glue all the adhesive is on the
underside of the nail which i can
actually kind of show you with these
extras and you saw me pulling off little
tabs and the tabs are just to protect
the adhesive but you can kind of see it
it's a very good cushioning layer of it
so that's what the underside of the nail
looks like um so um yeah once again i
hope you enjoyed this let me know if
there's any other nail tutorials or any
other tutorials that you're wanting to
see and i will try my best to UM get
those are for you I'll see you later bye
ha